Emission constraint and KPIs (#706)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: docs/MVS_Outputs.rst

* 0 kWh local generation for the heat side
* 100 kWh consumption from the electricity provider, who has a renewable factor of 50%

Again, the heat sector would have a renewable factor of 0% when considered separately, and the electricity side would have an renewable factor of 75%. This results in a system-wide renewable share of:

.. math:: RF = \frac{ 100 kWh(el)\cdot \frac{kWh(eleq)}{kWh(el)} +50 kWh(el) \cdot \frac{kWh(eleq)}{kWh(el)}}{200 kWh(el) \cdot \frac{kWh(eleq)}{kWh(el)}} = 3/4 = \text{75 \%}

The renewable factor can, just like the :ref:`kpi_renewable_share_of_local_generation` not indicate how much renewable energy is used in each of the sectors. In the future, it may be possible to dive into this together with the degree of sector-coupling.

Emissions
#########

The total emissions of the MES in question can be calculated
with all aggregated energy flows from the generation assets and their subsequent emission factor:

.. math::
        Emissions &= \sum_i {E_{gen} (i) \cdot emission\_factor (i)}

        \text{with~} &i \text{: generation assets 1,2,…}

Emissions can be of different nature: CO2 emissions, CO2 equivalents, greenhouse gases, ...

> The emissions are calculated separately for each asset in kg/a, as well as for the total system in kg/a and in :math:`\text{kg/kWh}_{eleq}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The emissions are calculated separately for each source in kg/a, as well as for the total system in kg/a and in :math:`\text{kg/kWh}_{eleq}`.
```

> Until now the emissions do not include life cycle emissions nor are they calculated separately for the energy sectors. For the latter, it arises the problem of the assignment of assets to sectors. E.g. emissions caused by an electrolyser would be counted to the electricity sector although you might want to count it for the H2 sector, as the purpose of the electrolyser is to feed the H2 sector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the emissions do not include life cycle emissions of energy conversion or storage assets, nor are they calculated separately for the energy sectors. For the latter, it arises the problem of the assignment of assets to sectors. E.g. emissions caused by an electrolyser would be counted to the electricity sector although you might want to count it for the H2 sector, as the purpose of the electrolyser is to feed the H2 sector. Therefore, we will have to verify whether or not we can apply the energy carrier weighting also for this KPI.
```
